String[] names= {"Why does a dog wag it's tail?  No one else will do it for them","Knock Knock Who's there ? Cabot ? Cabot who ? Cabotret ""A jaguar asked an colourful arsehole with a big nose to join him in hide and seek toucan play that game","What's the difference between a blonde and a telephone? It costs 30 cents to use a telephone","Why aren't there any Knock, Knock jokes about America? Cuz freedom rings baby","How many blonde jokes are there? One the rest are facts","Who's there? YOUR MOM'S VAGINAL","Knock Knock Who's there Knock Knock Whos there Beryl Beryl who ? Beryl of beer ","Who ever invented Knock, Knock Jokes should win the No-bell Prize","As Dumbledore stood there stroking his wand Harry regretted transferring to Catholic School","Whats Shakespeares favorite video game? Sonnet the hedgehog","Knock KnockWhos there Tarzan Tarzan who? Tarzan stripes forever","Knock KnockWhos there?CecileCecile who?Cecile this envelope"," How can you tell that a blonde sent you a fax? It has a stamp on it.","I remember when my dad was cutting onions and our whole family was crying poor onions he was such a good dog","Why did the octopus blush? He’d just seen the bottom of the ocean","How do you know that a blondes been on the computer using Microsoft Word?","Theres White out all over the screen","A human fart can be louder than a trombone I discovered that at my daughters school concert","My chemistry teacher said we were going to use burners today I asked if I could just play my mixtape instead","Knock KnockWhos there Lauren Lauren who Lauren order","Why did the chicken cross the road The answer is trivial and is left as an exercise for the reader","What is the difference between a rebel base and a Pakistan school I don't know I'm just a drone pilot","What do you mean the school must be haunted ? Daughter Well the principal kept going on about the school spirit ","Knock KnockWhos there Hepburn Hepburn who Hepburn and indigestion","Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other COCK"," Why don't blondes make good pharmacists?They can't get the bottle into the typewriter","What did the existential pig say? What ham ?","Witherspoon? No with a knife","Why did the genie turn the man into a toad? He rubbed him the wrong way","You know you're texting too much when you try to text, but you're on a landline","What happened to the frog parked in a handicap spot? He go toad ","What is the mating call of a blonde? Im drunk","Knock KnockWhos there? Maine Maine who? Maine I come in now please","How do you get over a crush you've had since high school? Leave the dungeon door unlocked","Knock Knock Whos there Amin Amin who ? Amin man","Why don't you hear any knock knock jokes about America? Because freedom rings","What do tourists pay guides to do at the grand canyon To let them mount their ass and ride in the crack","Knock Knock Whos there Benny Bennny who ? Benny thing happening ","Knock KnockWhos there? Castro Castro who? Castro bread upon the waters",};